Pardon me?
Third brother, you are finally here
What did you call the waiter just now?
Third brother, I am just afraid that you will be deceived by him
Again
That woman is really not a good guy
If you don't believe me, ask the president of Story Group
Shu Ruicheng is also here
Yes, I have something to ask him where he is
You call him over to me
So I'll call him and have him come over.
Is he really your sister?
I told you
Even Sister Sunan can't compare to a finger
How could it be your sister?
I am just
Brother, we still want high-quality ones.
Uncle seems to be spoiling this woman everywhere, after all
He is our elder
We still have to go to the team to respect
Oh, don't worry.
Brother knows
Hello, my third brother promised to see you
What are you and Sisi coming over for?
Third Young Master Su agreed to see us
Exactly.
I told my third brother that Sunan's character is not good
I hooked up with another man right after your divorce
He looks so angry.
Let me call you over and give it to you in person. Wait a minute.
You must seize this opportunity
Step on Sunan completely under your feet
You wait for me to come over